README.md, before:

![Varly.app](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/cdn.selvin.dev/varly-preview.png)

# Varly.app
> A delightful **desktop app** for busy NFT artists and creators who don't want to spend valueable time downloading sketchy software, stressing over configuration files, and watching hours of YouTube videos.

---

## Roadmap (In Phase 1)

### Phase 1
  - Generative art engine (_in progress_)
    - Generate artwork based on layers/traits provided
    - Rarity weight distribution
    - Artwork DNA

### Phase 2
  - Smart Contracts
    - Customizable ERC721 and ERC721A templates
    - Customizable ERC1155 template
    - Smart contract deployment to Ethereum and Polygon

### Phase 3
  - Minting Website or Widget
    - Generate minting website from collection assets
    - Generate minting widget from collection assets to embed on your own website
    - Deploy minting website to Netlify or Heroku

### Phase 4
  - Generative art engine 2.0
    - Improved art generation
    - Trait distribution verification

---

## Team

### Selvin Ortiz
  - [Website](https://selvin.dev)
  - [@selvindev on TikTok](https://tiktok.com/@selvindev)
  - [@selvindev on Twitter](https://twitter.com/selvindev)
  - [@varlyapp on Twitter](https://twitter.com/varlyapp)
  - Ethereum Wallet: **Selvin.eth**

---

## Contribute♥️
> To support my efforts in building **Varly.app**, you can **contribute** to the project or send **Eth** to this address `0xcEc5D699e254dB1fbF73fEA6fB929Ea31CB839F4`

---

Thank you🙏

-**Selvin**

Commit message:

Update read me with improved roadmap and intro copy

README.md, after:

![Varly.app](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/cdn.selvin.dev/varly-preview.png)

# Varly.app
> A delightful **desktop app** for NFT creatives who value their time and care about the quality of their work.
> Varly aims to create an end-to-end workflow for generating, uploading, and launching your NFT collection.
> All from a lighting fast Mac/Windows/Linux app with a small memory and CPU footprint.

## Roadmap

### Phase 1 (Generate it) 🥞
  - Generative art engine (_in progress_)
    - Generate artwork based on **traits** and **variants** ✅
    - Easy configuration of **rarity weight distribution** ✅
    - Smart formulas for calculating uniqueness and creating NFT DNA IDs

### Phase 2 (Codify it) ✍️
  - Smart Contracts
    - Customizable ERC721 and ERC721A templates
    - Customizable ERC1155 template
    - Smart contract deployment to Ethereum and Polygon

### Phase 3 (Lunch it) 🚀
  - Minting Website or Widget
    - Generate minting website or embedable widget from collection assets
    - Deploy minting website to Netlify or Heroku

### Phase 4
> The community will decide where we go from here.

---

## Team

### Selvin Ortiz
  - [Website](https://selvin.dev)
  - [@selvindev on TikTok](https://tiktok.com/@selvindev)
  - [@selvindev on Twitter](https://twitter.com/selvindev)
  - [@varlyapp on Twitter](https://twitter.com/varlyapp)
  - Ethereum Wallet: **Selvin.eth**

---

## Contribute♥️
> To support my efforts in building **Varly.app**, you can **contribute** to the project or send **Eth** to this address `0xcEc5D699e254dB1fbF73fEA6fB929Ea31CB839F4`

---

Thank you🙏

&mdash;**Selvin**
